and I guess they're gonna be trouble
down here we better head back to the
ship
oh that's not a bad idea you mean so
that you can spend the rest of our
vacation shopping on Fifth Avenue huh
perhaps I got the outdoor type after all
sometimes I wonder what are you ever
marry crisis is the most exciting Motion
Picture Drama of the year a story filled
with suspense prattling with action did
you notice how I tried to protect you
he thinks I'm prettier than you starring
Cary Grant in the most unusual role of
his career
Cary Grant that is debonair man of the
world best Jose Ferrer is the man for
Argo whose name means trouble
signe hassle scheming first lady of the
land
there's Raymond Navarro Gilbert Roland
Leon Ames and the wonderful music of
Vincente gomez one of the world's finest
guitar players
maybe they think we're revolutionists
through spies or something maybe we're
being kidnapped
that's not Sicily how could you have
mentioned money why not they've got
plenty of it my shorts clean good you
know how people say Americans think
about nothing but money carefully mrs.
Ferguson is leaving here tonight without
you you're provided with the necessary
paper you have had a fight with your
wife correct my wife is not leaving me
maybe she's not staying because she
loves you either that thought ought to
keep you from getting too bored you're
not angry are you
uh-huh I'm sorry I didn't mean to
did I talk too much mm-hmm then why
didn't you shut me up that's what I'm
trying to do
and what about my wife what have you
done with her what have you done with
farrago did you save his life
you